I have only a few experiences trying to
set people up with a job and every
single time of a ready to have you at
your young age of 24 yeah have you have
you had cause to regret it yet she
doesn't like the job so yeah I also
thought you were there briefly but I
think your your ex-boss also was not
thrilled so yeah maybe when we maybe
when we get back to Detroit maybe Daniel
because but yeah you know I used to I
used to have a job at the national
newspaper in Laos and when I was leaving
that job I tried to set up another guide
and move in when I moved out and I've
had cause to regret it
it's all I can say but yeah I'm quitting
this job now we're leaving China we're
going back to the Western world in
December after stopping off in Chiang
Mai Thailand to handle some business
[Music]
handles and paperwork of our day in
court and Shane my Italian yeah and
going back to France see my daughter
again then going back to Canada this job
is a wonderful job yes if you are
planning to learn Chinese if you are
planning to learn Burmese if you're
planning to learn one of the languages
closely related to Thai Lao or de Hong
die or here's a rare one if you wanted
to learn one of the indigenous languages
like gene pool gene pool was also known
as catch in or even a Chan so there are
maybe five or six languages here
depending how you counted that you have
a real opportunity learn most obviously
being modern standard Chinese you know
but there's quite a list now if you're
not planning to work on any of those
languages is it worth it to move here
live underneath the palm trees and eat
mangos every day no it's it's a
beautiful place to live I'll give a link
to the video below of what this
apartment looks like you would move into
exactly the apartment I've been living
in you'd inherit my home gym you'd
inherit the actual weights you know I
have a weight
for benchpress you know heavy disc
weights you can hear that
yes you must by the way have a
bachelor's degree you must have a BA and
something to take on this job of course
it helps if you have experience as an
English teacher or some interest in
Asian languages or something but if you
have none of that and you have a BA
you've still got a shot at getting the
job of course English also must be your
first language they'll accept you if
you're Irish Irish managed to squeak
squeak n but you know they have a list
of countries that you must be you must
have grown up in either Ireland or
Australia or what have you but you know
fundamentally even though this is a
really beautiful place to live I think
this is on the list of the world's most
beautiful place to live you know whether
it's better or worse than Hawaii I can't
say but this is one of the most
beautiful aids to live just today at
work I was going up and down the
staircase the stone staircase that leads
down the side of the mountain and with a
view of these other mountains and the
rice fields and so on it's gorgeous
I mean just everyday you're surrounded
by beauty and depending on how you live
here you can't have a beautiful
lifestyle what you prioritize that you
do this time but the bottom line is if
you're not here for your own education
then it's not worth it to be here as a
teacher
it just doesn't justify the time and
money involved and the salary is 5,000
Kauai per month assuming you get the
same salary I did it's possible they'll
pay you less you know based on your
credentials it's possible you will not
get paid as much as I did I am basically
paid I'm paid more than any other
foreign professor here ever has been and
have paid more than a lot of the
professor's I met in Kunming which is
the big city of the road so it's a
fabulous opportunity if you'll want it
and you can get a lot of value out of
staying here for one year you can see
here for three years or five years it's
up to you you get a lot of value out of
being here in terms of your education
but I would say this is an opportunity
for someone who is one vegan and who is
either already committed to learning one
of those languages or if you want to
take on a dramatic new direction in your
life you may have never heard of gene
pool before believe me you could be a
major scholar a major expert in gene
pool aka catch an or any of those
languages any of those fields of study
any of those fields of history politics
etc etc
if you decided to take on this new
direction take on this job and do the
hard hard work of hitting the books and
researching those languages so and by
the way the gene pool are everywhere in
no hurry no we're here today at the end
of my lesson the gene pool were doing a
formal ceremonial dance on campus
wearing a very distinctive headdress
that had four long
peacock feathers on the corners of the
man's head shooting straight up and then
in the middle obviously they used to
have a decapitated duck but they had a
wooden duck set instead to make up the
the centrality of the address and they
were some of the students were
participating in a formal lodging posts
or dance so this may or may not give you
the impression that this is a really
interesting crossroads in terms of
different languages different cultures
and it's a part of the world that has
been hidden away in the mountains and
obscure but it's getting less obscure
with each passing year because right now
they're building a train line that's
gonna connect could main to dil Hong and
then it's gonna connect to Hong all the
way west to India if you're vegan and
you're addressed in taking on this job
taking on what may be the challenge of a
lifetime in the educational opportunity
for lifetime hit me up